# 2.4.6 End of Level 2 Test

## Calling

Listen to the conversation and choose the best option.

Tony wants to speak to **the Marketing Manager.**

- **The Marketing Manager** is having a meeting.
- **Mr. Charles** is on paternity leave.
- He's calling to **offer new raw materials.**
- The receptionist **makes** a mistake writing down the mobile.

## Calling - Conversation development

Listen to the phone conversation again and put the conversation in order. If you need help use the following link: Help me solve this please! 

- Hello. This is Tony Frasier. Could I speak to the Marketing Manager, please?
- Hold the line, please... I'm sorry, Mr. Frasier, but he's in a meeting at the moment. Can I take a message for him?
- Hmm, how about his assistant?
- That's not possible, Mr. Charles in on paternity leave. Can I help?
- Well, I'm trying to arrange a meeting to show the new raw materials we're including in our catalogue.
- Ok. Can you leave me your full name again and mobile number? As soon as the Marketing Manager is available, I'll tell him to call you back.
- Ok. My name is Tony Frasier, that's F R A S I E R. And my mobile is 555-8134-0459.
- Great. I'll tell them to call you at 555-8134-9459. Is that ok?
- No, it's 0459, not 9459.
- Ok. I've got it. He'll call you as soon as he's free.

## Describing Companies - Part 1

Read the following article describing Gucci. Choose the corresponding option to complete the text.

Gucci is one of the highest selling Italian brands. It **manufactures** and sells luxury fashion and leather goods.

It **started** in Florence in 1921; it operates in over 270 directly operated stores and this number is increasing.

Worldwide, Gucci **employs** around 10,000 people. They sell a wide variety of products including fragrances, formal and informal clothes, and leather accessories.

Next month, they **are launching** a new range of products during their annual gala. For the next year, the idea is that they **are going to launch** more products, but they are still doing market research and check which products are appropriate.

Because of the recent crisis, their sales **dropped** for the last three quarters. However, they **have stabilized** since the last summer sale.

## Describing Companies - Part 2

- Read the article again and choose the corresponding ending.
- Gucci is a… manufacturing and sales company.
- It started… in 1921.
- Next month, they are… launching a new range of products.
- They think they are going… to launch more products next year.
- For the last three quarters, sales… have dropped.

## Understanding résumés

Read Dakota's résumé in detail.

*Highly professional Marketing Manager looks for new positions with possibilities to advance in an international company.*
  
**First Name:** Dakota
**Last name:** Hills

**2010 - Present**
Sales Manager, Marketing Consulting.

**2005 – 2010**
Marketing Analyst, WalMart.

**2017 - Present**
MBA in Marketing, New York University, Stern School of Business.

Specialized in: Television Marketing, Marketing and Business Development in Media, Luxury Marketing, Consultative Selling, and Sales Marketing.

**2001 – 2007**
Bachelor of Arts in Marketing, New York University, Stern School of Business.

Additional skills:  
- Advanced IT skills.
- Languages spoken: French (C1 – advanced fluency) and Chinese (A2 – in progress).
- Positive and proactive attitude.

## Finished or unfinished activities?

Look at the resume again and choose the activities which are finished.

- [ ] Work for Marketing Consulting as sales manager.
- [x] Work for WalMart as Marketing Analyst.
- [ ] Study for MBA.
- [x] Study for bachelor's degree in marketing.
- [x] Study French.
- [ ] Study Chinese.

## Describing people's jobs, positions, and experiences (1/6)

Read the following words and put them in order to make sentences about Dakota.

She has worked for Marketing Consulting since 2010.

## Describing people's jobs, positions, and experiences (2/6)

Read the following words and put them in order to make sentences about Dakota.

She worked for Walmart from 2005 to 2010.

## Describing people's jobs, positions, and experiences (3/6)

Read the following words and put them in order to make sentences about Dakota.

She has studied for her MBA since 2017.

## Describing people's jobs, positions, and experiences (4/6)

Read the following words and put them in order to make sentences about Dakota.

She got her bachelor's degree in 2007.

## Describing people's jobs, positions, and experiences (5/6)

Read the following words and put them in order to make sentences about Dakota.

She has learned French.

## Describing people's jobs, positions, and experiences (6/6)

Read the following words and put them in order to make sentences about Dakota.

She is learning Chinese.

## Describing plans and intentions – Dakota's itinerary

Dakota has a job interview in Brussels next week. Look at her itinerary.

**Monday, 21st**
09:00 am - Take taxi to the airport 
12:00 am - Board the flight
07:40 pm - Check-in at hotel
  
**Tuesday, 22nd**
09:00 am - Tour of the company
10:00 am - Attend job interview.
Afternoon - Visit the city?

## Describing plans and intentions – Dakota's plans

- Read Dakota's itinerary and choose the correct option.
- **On** Monday, Dakota is taking a taxi **at** 9 a.m.
- She **is boarding** the flight three hours later.
- She **is checking-in** at 7:40 p.m.
- **On** Tuesday, she is having a tour around the company in the morning.
- An hour later, she **is attending** the job interview.
- She **is going to visit** the city in the afternoon, but she's not sure.

## Talking about activities – finished or unfinished? (1/4)

Dakota's trip is in three days. Choose the best option to describe: "She booked the taxi one minute ago."

- [ ] She's already booked the taxi.
- [x] She's just booked the taxi.

## Talking about activities – finished or unfinished? (2/4)

Dakota's trip is in three days. Choose the best option to describe: "She didn't buy the tickets."

- [x] She hasn't bought the tickets yet.
- [ ] She's just bought the tickets.

## Talking about activities – finished or unfinished? (3/4)

Dakota's trip is in three days. Choose the best option to describe: "She practiced her job interview questions before it was expected."

- [x] She's already prepared her job interview questions.
- [ ] She hasn't prepared her job interview questions yet.

## Talking about activities – finished or unfinished? (4/4)

Dakota's trip is in three days. Choose the best option to describe: "She bought a ticket for the Museum of the City of Brussels for next Tuesday, at three p.m."

- [ ] Dakota is going to visit the Museum of the City of Brussels on Tuesday, at three p.m.
- [x] Dakota is visiting the Museum of the City of Brussels on Tuesday, at three p.m.

