# 2.3.4 Eating out

## Key words of the lesson

| Quantifiers     | Eating out - stages | Key expressions                 |
| --------------- | ------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| a table         | appetizer           | Are you ready to order?         |
| an apple        | main course         | How would you like it cooked?   |
| five people     | side                | Anything else?                  |
| a few customers | dessert             | Could I have the check, please? |
| a lot of people | check               | Can I pay by credit card?       |

## Quantifiers – Positive statements (1/3) - Countable

**Countable**
  
- There's **a** *chair* in my office.
- I've brought **an** *apple* for lunch. I'm on a diet.
- There are **five** *people* in my department.
- There are only** a few** *cookies* left.

## Quantifiers – Positive statements (2/3) - Uncountable

**Uncountable**
  
- I'll have **a little** *sugar* in my coffee.
- There's **a lot of** *chaos* around my desk.

## Quantifiers – Positive statements (3/3) - Countable and Uncountable

**Countable / Uncountable**

- There are **some** *t-shirts* on sale.
- I'll have **a** *beer*, please.
- There are **a lot of** *telemarketers* in my company.
- Oh no! I‘ve spilled **a lot of** *coffee* on my keyboard!

## Some or Any? - Reminder

We use **some** and **any** with plural nouns and uncountable nouns.

- Some is generally used in **positive** sentences.  
- Any is generally used in **negative** sentences.

- I have **some** information for you about flights to Paris. - (Positive - Uncountable)
- I don't have **any** information for you about flights to Paris. - (Negative - Uncountable)
- We met **some** friends for drinks after work yesterday. - (Positive - Plural Countable)
- I didn't see **any** friends there on Thursday. - (Negative - Plural Countable)

## Some or Any? - Special situations

**Generally, we use any in questions.**

- Do you know **any** famous people?
- Do you have **any** children?  
 
 But, we use **some** in questions in the following circumstances:
  
1. **When we offer something.**
	- Would you like **some** coffee?
	- Do you want **some** sugar for your coffee?

2. **When we ask for something.**
	- Could I have **some** more, please?

3. **When we are suggesting something.**
	- Why don't we watch **some** movies tonight?
	- Why don't you give her **some** advice?

## Quantifiers – Negative statements and Questions (1/3) - Countable

**Countable**

- There aren't **many** *women* in my office.
- How **many** *people* are coming to the conference?

## Quantifiers – Negative statements and Questions (2/3) - Uncountable

**Uncountable**  

- I haven't got **much** *money*.
- How **much** *bread* do you want?

## Quantifiers – Negative statements and Questions (3/3) - Countable and Uncountable

**Countable / Uncountable**

- There aren't **any** *men* in my department.
- There isn't **any** *soda* left!
- Are there **any** *eggs* in the refrigerator?
- Is there **any** *coffee* left?

## Using quantifiers - Part 1

Complete the following sentences with the words given.

- Mom, can I have ``a`` chocolate bar, please?
- I'm really thirsty. Can I have ``some`` water, please?
- We need ``three`` cups of tea for the meeting room.
- There aren't ``any`` water bottles left.
- I'd like ``an`` apple pie, please.

## Weak or Strong?

Listen to the following sentences. Are "some" or "any" stressed?

UNSTRESSED

## Using quantifiers - Part 2 (1/2)

Complete the following short conversations using one of the quantifiers and nouns given.

A: I have only a ``little`` coffee left. Can you get some, please?
B: Yes, of course. I'll bring more in a minute.

A: How ``much sugar`` do you want in your coffee?
B: Two spoonfuls, please.

A: Are there ``any cookies`` left in the meeting room?
B: Yes, there are ``a lot`` on the plate.

## Using quantifiers - Part 2 (2/2)

A: I'd like to ask you ``some questions``, if that's ok.
B: Yes, no problem. Ask away.

A: How many ``sandwiches`` are there?
B: Only ``a few``. Can you bring more? They are hungry.

A: Are there ``any seats`` left?
B: Yes, there are two seats available.

## Describing your breakfast

Look at Jack's breakfast at the hotel. Choose the correct options to describe it.

This is Jack's breakfast. This morning, he's eating **two** eggs, **a** tomato, **some** tomato soup, **two** sausages, **a** croissant, and **some** ham.

He's also drinking **a glass of** juice and **a cup of** coffee.

## Eating out - Meals and Courses

Jack is at the training course in London. He is on his lunch break. Match the food options to the corresponding meal option.

Choose one of the following options:

* **Appetizer:** Tomato soup, chicken soup, mixed salad, or Caesar salad.
* **Main course:** Steak, salmon, vegetable pie, lasagna, spaghetti, or pork chops.
* **Side:** French fries, broccoli, grilled vegetables, rice, peas, or mashed potatoes.
* **Dessert:** Apple pie, ice-cream, brownie, fruit salad, or lemon pie.

## Going to a Restaurant - Key phrases (1/2)

Listen to the following fragments of conversations and tick the phrases said by the WAITER.

- [ ] What do you recommend?
- [x] Are you ready to order?
- [x] How would you like it cooked?
- [ ] I'll have the apple pie.
- [x] Anything else?
- [ ] Could I have the check, please?

## Going to a Restaurant - Key phrases (2/2)

Listen to the following fragments of conversations and tick the phrases said by the CUSTOMER.

- [x] What do you recommend?
- [ ] Are you ready to order?
- [ ] How would you like it cooked?
- [x] I'll have the apple pie.
- [ ] Anything else?
- [x] Could I have the check, please?

## Going to a Restaurant - Ordering

Now listen to the complete conversation and put the following phrases of the conversation in order.  

If you need help use the following link: Help me solve this please!

* *What do you recommend?*
* **Well, I'd recommend the grilled salmon or the beef steak.**
* *Ok. I'll take a look at the menu.*
* **Are you ready to order?**
* *Yes, I won't have an appetizer. I'd like a beef steak with grilled vegetables, please.*
* **Excellent, and what would you like to drink?**
* *I'll have a bottle of sparkling water, please.*
* **Would you like something for dessert?**
* *Yes, could I have the apple pie?*

## Going to a Restaurant - Ordering - Key phrases

Listen to the conversation again and complete the phrases the customer used to order the meals.

**I'd** like a beef steak with grilled vegetables, please.
**I'll** have a bottle of sparkling water, please.
**Could** I have the apple pie?
Oh, and a cup of coffee, **please**.
**Can** I have the check, please?

## Rise or Fall-Rise? (1/2)

Listen to the way these phrases are pronounced. Tick the ones that go UP.

- [ ] I'd like a beef steak with grilled vegetables, please.
- [ ] I'll have a bottle of sparkling water, please.
- [x] Could I have the apple pie?
- [ ] Oh, and a cup of coffee, please.
- [x] Can I have the check, please?

## Rise or Fall-Rise? (2/2)

Listen to the way these phrases are pronounced. Tick the ones that go DOWN and then UP.

- [x] I'd like a beef steak with grilled vegetables, please.
- [x] I'll have a bottle of sparkling water, please.
- [ ] Could I have the apple pie?
- [x] Oh, and a cup of coffee, please.
- [ ] Can I have the check, please?

## Ordering - An example (1/3)

Read the following conversation segments and complete them with the phrases given. There are extra phrases you will not need.

- Waiter: Are you ready to order?
- Ally: Yes. The tomato soup for me, please.
- Mark: **Yes, the same for me, please.**
- Waiter: Two tomato soups. And what would you like for the main course?
- Ally: I'd like the roast chicken with tomato salad, please.
- Mark: I'll have the **grilled salmon and vegetables.**
- Waiter: Excellent. And to drink?
- Ally: **A coke, please.**
- Mark: A bottle of sparkling water.

## Ordering - An example (2/3)

Read the following conversation segments and complete them with the phrases given. There are extra phrases you will not need.

- Waiter: Dessert?
- Ally: Yes, **could I have the Key Lime Pie, please?**
- Waiter: Key Lime Pie.
- Mark: Just a **cup of coffee for me, please.**
- Waiter: Ok. I'll bring it in a few minutes.

## Ordering - An example (3/3)

Read the following conversation segments and complete them with the phrases given. There is a extra phrase you will not need.

* Waiter: Can I get you anything else?
* Mark: **No, thanks. I'm full.**
* Ally: No, I'm fine, too. Thanks.
* Mark: **Could we have the check, please?**
* Waiter: Yes, of course.
* Waiter: That will be $210. Would you like to pay in cash or by card?
* Mark: In cash. Here's $250. Keep the change.
* Waiter: Thank you very much. Have a nice evening.
